got a reoccurring nightmare about Gabe
no you didn't say something oh you know
what I didn't I don't need to define it
as a nightmare once I tell you the
details so so yeah in this dream Gabe
Knowles right arm uh okay was it a full
arm oh ok it came to a we came to an end
at the elbow was like a robot arm or
anything on their clothes worse they had
had a mental I had a metal pin sir at
the end okay like I don't even almost
like like a claw machine pincer right
well in that pincer was then holding
like somebody else's cut off bloated are
I know he told me so I could tell my
story and he demanded to shake hands
with me whenever I'd see him is it go
ahead Sean never over Delta oh you're
friends with Adrian right yeah and then
he would like one of the circumstances
under which you kept meeting him in like
weird like tiny house parties like one
was a josh i was hoping so you know Josh
and Lisa are friends in esco yes one was
at their fever dream apartment which was
the size of our office and they had a
bed pressed up against the wall so they
could throw their party likes to do
basically um Ingeitum those little hair
out and gave me candy cabbies like he's
like shake shake my hand on the game I
can't do that and so he kept making me
grab it and then he would like like the
just the severed arm he was holding the
severed arm he was holding in the pincer
right yeah yeah and it was like coal and
bloated because it was dead yeah god
you're predicting left 4 dead 3 so
fucking horrible and then cuz he kept
like recognizes like I think it's cuz
I've seen oh I think things I've just
seen gave know a lot lately like more in
my life in the past six weeks and I've
seen am I ever right they've never met
the man actually personally yeah it was
fucked up I was having a lot of bad like
video game industry dreams weird it was
really
well no problem well that's the apex out
of it odd because he had like a Yeti
Gabe regular well it's just yeah yeah no
he's clearly putting her confident kind
of yeah I'm new old but like the arm was
big it was like the size of a leg but it
was so weird it wasn't Samuel Jackson's
severed arm no no no his Caucasian
disappointing I know that would only
would have brought the dream full circle
well circle to what scheidel 50 guys get
this it was Samuel Jackson's arm it all
fits oh it was a div or day parties to
that was the weirdest part of the dream
they're really good afternoon let's go
where as part of the dream because it it
was daytime okay also Gabriel's your
hand and then there was another hand
attached to it so yeah but it was during
the day though it's weird party man it
was very strange